README.md, before:

# dota-chat

## TODO list

### Commands not appearing in Discord

Registering my Discord commands by running in shell:

```shell
npm run register
```

This goes through without error. But after this, it should be possible to see my commands inside
the Discord server where the app is installed. (Writing `/roll` should be recognized as a command,
but it is not).

I think I just have to continue coding on `app.js` and hopefully, it will appear.

UPDATE: It was a case of waiting in real time for the chat bot to come online.
    It is now working, but I am not sure why I have to wait though.

### `InteractionResponseFlags` from `discord-interations` module

Read up on the documentation to fully understand the usage.

### Discord Gateway

Write source code to connect the Dota Chat Discord app to the Discord Gateway. This source code file should probably
be designated as the `main` in `package.json`.

I am following a [discordjs guide](https://discordjs.guide/#before-you-begin).

Update: The usage of Discord Gateway has been discarded. The code for it remains in the `/discordjs/` folder. But it is unused.

### Understand Discord Verification step

There is no official documentation regarding to handling the verification step when adding an endpoint url in the Discord Developer portal.

Commit message:

Added a todolist for features to implement

README.md, after:

# dota-chat

## TODO list

### Features

- Option to define a lower bound to the `/roll` command.
- `/roll` command should show the range of the dice roll when invoked.
- `/roll` should handle negative values as optional input (reject input gracefully).
- Can flip a coin.

### Commands not appearing in Discord

Registering my Discord commands by running in shell:

```shell
npm run register
```

This goes through without error. But after this, it should be possible to see my commands inside
the Discord server where the app is installed. (Writing `/roll` should be recognized as a command,
but it is not).

I think I just have to continue coding on `app.js` and hopefully, it will appear.

UPDATE: It was a case of waiting in real time for the chat bot to come online.
    It is now working, but I am not sure why I have to wait though.

### `InteractionResponseFlags` from `discord-interations` module

Read up on the documentation to fully understand the usage.

### Discord Gateway

Write source code to connect the Dota Chat Discord app to the Discord Gateway. This source code file should probably
be designated as the `main` in `package.json`.

I am following a [discordjs guide](https://discordjs.guide/#before-you-begin).

Update: The usage of Discord Gateway has been discarded. The code for it remains in the `/discordjs/` folder. But it is unused.

### Understand Discord Verification step

There is no official documentation regarding to handling the verification step when adding an endpoint url in the Discord Developer portal.
